# Tagging-Project-for-Machine-Learning-Natural-Language-Processing
This project was originally developed at the Brain Research Tagging project where we were tagging research articles according to brain research categories. The Brain Research Tagging Project, a collaboration between NAMI Montana and Montana State University (MSU). The project was developed by Dr. Indika Kahanda and Shriyansh Kothari of Montana State University with Matt Kuntz of NAMI Montana.
The Brain Research Tagging Project involves "tagging," or classifying, current brain research articles based upon the National Institute of Mental Health's Research Domain Criteria. This project eventually evolved into a task at the 2019 BioNLP Open Shared Tasks (BioNLP-OST: http://2019.bionlp-ost.org) Find out more about that project at this link. https://sites.google.com/view/rdoc-task

The system developed for tagging these brain research articles allows for a great combination of education for the people doing the tagging while crowdsourcing massive tagging projects for natural language processing machine learning. The goal of this effort is to make that code available to others doing NLP projects.

All of the coding on this project was done by [Abdul Rehman Yousaf](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ninnovator/). We are honored to have him as a key collaborator for this Github repository.


# Introduction

The goal of this project is to provide a way to build a dataset of tagged articles related to mental health. The data generated by this project will need to 
be preprocessed further to use in any Machine Learning Project.

### Main features

* Complete user management like SingUp, Login, logout,
Authentication and Authorization

* Article tagging system, which allow users to tag research articles
* Customized admin dashboard to manage all administrative tasks
* Certificate of completion with complete payment processing.
* A simplest way to import and expoer data in bulk using the admin dashboard.
* A secure authentication and authorization implemented.
* Blog to post articles and news etc.


### Requirements:

* Python 3.7 or above
* Django 2.0 or above
* PayPal-API credentials (to get the payment process working)
* GMail API credentials (to send email to users)

### Setup (Getting started):

1. Install Python(=> 3.6) from http://python.org/
2. Clone the repository by running the command below:
               
       $ git clone https://github.com/arycloud/Tagging-Project-for-Machine-Learning-Natural-Language-Processing.git
       $ cd  Tagging-Project-for-Machine-Learning-Natural-Language-Processing
3. Create & activate virtual environment by running the command below:

       $ pip install virtualenv
       $ virtualenv  -p python3 <ENVIRONMENT_NAME(e.g venv)>
       $ source <ENVIRONMENT_NAME>/bin/activate
       
4. Install all dependencies by the command below:
       
       $ pip install -r requirements.txt
       
5. Configure the required settings:
    * Create the following environment variables:
        * Generate a SECRET_KEY for django project and 
        export the veriable `SECRET_KEY` with the value of secret
        in single quotes.
        
        * `ALLOWED_HOSTS` a list of hosts e.g `ALLOWED_HOSTS=['locallhost']`
    * Export GMail credentials as:
        * `EMAIL_HOST_USER` export the your GMail address
        * `EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD` export your GMail password
        
    * Export PayPal credentials:
        * `PAYPAL_RECEIVER_EMAIL` export your PayPal email address
        
6. Now, you need to run migrations to setup database (default is sqlite3):
      
       $ python manage.py migrate
       
7. And, finally, you are ready to run this application:
       
       $ python manage.py runserver
       
8. You can access the application at:
       
       $ http://<YOUR_HOST_ADDRESS>:8000/
       
9. To access the admin, you need to create a superuser:
       
       $ python manage.py createsuperuser
       
10. To login as admin, go to `http://<YOUR_HOST_ADDRESS>:8000/admin`
                  
                  
## Documentation:
You can find the complete documentation of the           